Include host app registry in the docs (#1609)
flatpak/xdg-desktop-portal: doc/api-reference.rst

Portal interfaces are available to sandboxed applications with the default
filtered session bus access of Flatpak.

Desktop portals appear under the bus name ``org.freedesktop.portal.Desktop``
and the object path ``/org/freedesktop/portal/desktop`` on the session bus,
unless specified otherwise.

Apps running on the host system have access to a special interface for

> registering the app with XDG Desktop Portal. Registering a host app with
> XDG Desktop Portal improves the user experience when the app uses portals.

Reviewer: Maybe make it a bit more concrete?
```suggestion
registering the app with XDG Desktop Portal. Registering a host app with XDG Desktop Portal overwrites the automatic detection based on the XDG cgroup pathname standardization for applications (https://systemd.io/DESKTOP_ENVIRONMENTS/#xdg-standardization-for-applications). This might improve the user experience when the host app was launched in a way that doesn't follow the standard.
```
